c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\webApp.dll.config
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\webApp.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\webApp.pdb
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\obj\Debug\webApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\obj\Debug\webApp.dll
c:\users\вадим\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\webApp\webApp\obj\Debug\webApp.pdb
